Hello everyone today, again talking about
Shoe repair more precisely a shoe hook in
the process of working hook dumbass it needs
tweak tweak and manually
but it can be a thankless task
laborious so i usually do it on
machine for this i have two lo
such here circle 1 felt 2 wooden
the felt circle is good but it has a pair
deficiencies
firstly it's pretty soft and when on
you rule the hook gradually in it
grooves are produced besides because
the fact that he is soft, he floods the edge
hooks my hooks are sharpened so
they mean blades and this blade
cuts if the chrome falls down the blade
gradually getting dumb already
stops cutting so you have to
drag all the same on hard circles on
plywood but on felt only
correct and so I decided to show how
plywood circle is made this circle is mine
has long been working since my time
shoe practice
Well, yesterday shot the video were pieces
plywood and from them i make a circle where
I will do it a little differently
just plywood because on plywood
Lent lasts not very good it's hard to
to put
I make a plywood circle which will
covered with a thin layer of leather
here I already smeared the glue circle itself
prepared a leather strip one edge i
cut to nothing dumped on granite
slab
This is done so that the second edge
which will overlap
did not give here a hump now I pasted over
this circle is a ribbon of skin
the main thing is to glue on the rotation
otherwise it can tear it off today
pretty hot on the flight clutches
very quickly so with a hairdryer i don't
warming up warm up the arm
edge
here the circle is already ready the seam is trimmed and now
left him post fasting
State Optical Institute
made based on chromium oxide and stearin
therefore, it can be applied in two ways
either heat or dilute in someone
kerosene solvent is easier to heat
so I just give her a hairdryer and on
corpse
here I twist the sharp enough one more
more small addition yet
I mounted the video here in PM
asked questions and one of the questions was
about what to do like
adaptations needed lathe in
I have a lathe I have it
use but when i didn't have
lathe i treated more
simple simpler methods let's say
year and shaft
it is good but if it is not possible
make you can make wow out of the ordinary
studs
metric outer diameter i cut out on
band saw can be cut out with a jigsaw
but after that I grind if not
Opportunities can be machined in a circle
put on a drilling machine either on
drill to take a very rough sandpaper 4036
grain to nail him on the board and turning
at maximum speed
drill well or machine grind it
sandpaper is the only requirement that
the door must be fixed tightly and
sandpaper must be on some
massive bar
so that when you grind it you
did not jump and you did not succeed
eccentric another option if not
I want to bother with sandpaper
here are the cheap chinese
crowns here for example here in the set there
64 she will cut a circle with a diameter of it
fifty nine millimeters
that is enough
and in the blood will immediately hole on
6 it will need only a little bit
increase but before you drill
crown in order to oh but not stuck out
from this side but if you use
the bottom surface needs to be done along the bottom
friction it can be done either
first drill again cheap
in chinese
either forstner drill hero advantage
of oz a hole is not an end surface
smooth opera she will be slightly sloping but
it does not affect absolutely nothing well and after
how this circle will be assembled again
do put it on 3rd on boring
machine and twist trim sandpaper
here perhaps all this addition
thanks to all